Let’s go invent tomorrow rather than worrying about what happened yesterday.
I decided to drop out and trust that it would all work out ok.
I do not adopt softness towards others because I want to make them better.
The doers are the major thinkers. The people that really create the things that change this industry are both the thinker and doer in one person.
You can build your own things that other people can use. And once you learn that, you’ll never be the same again.
Once you discover one simple fact, and that is everything around you that you call life, was made up by people that were no smarter than you.
I always advise people – Don’t wait! Do something when you are young, when you have nothing to lose, and keep that in mind.
That’s why we started Apple, we said you know, we have absolutely nothing to lose. I was 20 years old at the time, Woz was 24-25, so we have nothing to lose. We have no families, no children, no houses. Woz had an old car. I had a Volkswagen van, I mean, all we were going to lose is our cars and the shirts off our back.
We he had everything to gain. And we figured even if we crash and burn, and lose everything, the experience will have been worth ten times the cost.
That’s been one of my mantras – focus and simplicity.
The most precious thing that we all have with us is time.
The broader one’s understanding of the human experience, the better design we will have.
On the blue box: That was what we learned: was that us, too, we didn’t know much. We could build a little thing that could control a giant thing and that was an incredible lesson.
Believing that the dots will connect down the road will give you the confidence to follow your heart.
Don’t take it all too seriously. If you want to live your life in a creative way, as an artist, you have to not look back too much. You have to be willing to take whatever you’ve done and whoever you were and throw them away.
I don’t care about being right. I care about success and doing the right thing.
We were really working fourteen-to-eighteen-hour days, seven days a week. For like, two years, three years. That was our life. But we loved it, we were young, and we could do it.
You have to trust in something, your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever.
People judge you on your performance, so focus on the outcome. Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren’t used to an environment where excellence is expected.
You have to believe that the dots will somehow connect in your future.
Now, as you graduate to begin anew, I wish that for you, ‘Stay hungry, stay foolish’.
It’s more fun to be a pirate than to join the Navy.
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t be trapped by dogma, which is living with the results of other people’s thinking.
And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary.
Famous Apple Ad with Einstein, Picasso, etc. (Video): Here’s to the crazy ones. The misfits. The rebels. The troublemakers. The round pegs in the square holes. The ones who see things differently. They’re not fond of rules, and they have no respect for the status quo. You can quote them, disagree with them, glorify and vilify them. About the only thing you can’t do is ignore them because they change things. They push the human race forward. And while some may see them as crazy, we see genius. Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.
Being the richest man in the cemetery doesn’t matter to me… Going to bed at night saying we’ve done something wonderful… that’s what matters to me
Don’t let the noise of other’s opinions drown out your own inner voice.